# A 24 Hour Tezos Hackathon project. Tech Stack: Smartpy to write smart contracts on the tezos blockchain for the backend, taquito and axios to connect the front end to the blockchain, react for the front end.


##### NFT martket place as a career fair* 
OTHR is a complete Web3 HR hub to meaningfully create bonds between talent and teams. OTHR provides the Hiring, Social Networking, and Transparent systems for the bonds to build web3.


##### Full Description of project:

We are combining the value add from services such as Indeed (hiring), Linkedin (Social networking), and Glassdoor (transparancy) onto web3 and on Tezos to achieve a HR hub where people can come together to build more cool things. Creating meaningful bonds in web3.

For Tezos x easya Hackathon, we have focused on the foundation for the Hiring element and built a demo to showcase job description hosting, CV storage, talent profile, and application as a transaction. For our initial demo, we pivot from two inspirations that web3 builders and students understand very well. NFT galleries and Job fairs. We want to tackle this as we find that inb4 the VR metaverse exists, the power of physical bonds are immeasurable. Web3 is known for it’s galleries and we can increase content engagement at Web3 gallery spaces by putting high-demand content - jobs adverts. Job fairs are chracterised by the queues to meet new companies and learn, and this would be perfect for a web3 space to increase traffic and create a fun new idea.

The fun bull market of 2020-2021 led to a lot of rightful scrutiny on the space regarding fraud and verifiability. For example, regarding work carried out online without employee rights, we solve issues of fraud and career content engagement more creatively and directly while reducing the dependency on existing human effort-intensive structures such as expensive recruitment consultants and legal disputes. By using Tezos and bringing HR on-chain, HR can not only be automated but can benefit from mature engagement tools inspired from mobile apps and yet still promote anonymous transparency. Further, we believe only blockchain and HR will solve the DeFi end-game boss as it provides a clear runway to unlocking pension-saving products once we process salary payment contracts.

Some examples of what we can do creatively for user engagement using tokens…A. verified endorsement badges (colleague endorses a skill, like on Linkedin but with the blockchain’s verified history of employmentship). B. Auditable salary payment for service without obscured disputes like Fiverr. C. Verified yet anonymous, employer reviews without friction. If employers use our system or colleagues are linked to each other as employed at the company, users reviews and salary are more trustworthy when compared to glassdoor. D. Follow from C, past interview questions to help new candidates are verified. All such interactions and engagement on our hub can reward users with tokenomics and a clear USP of combining the various successful HR elements can mean our hub is more open to new users as we can have multiple revenue sources.

NFTs are used to promote a CV trail of employmentship and rating review of work history. This can increase the income and skill growth of the users as more opportunities are available and their profile are less likely to be overlooked due to writing skills or skepticism. For employers, the blockchain can ensure anonymous verified reviews which can promote healthy and transparent company culture. NFTs and contracts can fit in elsewhere onto the roadmap HR system such as salary handling or employment agreements. 

Tezos blockchain is the go to protocol for the best HR system as it allows for upgradability without the need of forks like other chains. This means, as developers we do not have to worry about redeploying each time there is a new chain and risk losing our contracts storage. This allows for our dapp to scale and upgrade with the chain so we can reach the end game without this big hassle.  Furthermore tezos has incredibly low gas fees. This is important since each job fair will need a considerable amount of nfts to be minted by companies and talents. Each engagement can also be a transaction and low gas fee is essential to bring in more users to our dapp and it will be more accessible. Further more, each time we update OTHR’s system, upgradable contracts make user experience is more intuitive allowing engagement updates such as new badges or CV-profile traits without disruption.

The Global HR & Recruitment service industry in 2022 is valued at $700+ Bn (ibis world & statistics) with competitors such as Glassdoor (rev $276.7M/year), Linkedin (rev $10Bn/year), and Indeed (rev est $3.2Bn/year) generating massive of value, unchallenged for years without much innovation. Tezos and web3 provide a crucial problem to be solved owing to the changing HR landscape - people are working more remotely, transparency is more desired than ever before, and there are more opportunities to build globally. Facilitsiing pension contribution via a HR system on web3 and DeFi will mean a never seen before ambition which can ensure adoption and provide end game stats.

We frame our initial USP demo targeting NFT galleries and jobfairs as we believe our idea can also uniquely tackle the challenge of NFT-gallery space engagement. We believe this engagement is partly due to content and have observed no higher engagement on stationary content than at Job Fairs - we have seen queues of people wait just to learn about a company or team. 

The time is ripe to create a complete solution. Blockchain tech has commonly been filled with buzzword sales tactics but in our market research and by using Tezos, the hiring and HR space is ready for competitive disruption and we can create an intuitive system that serves all the HR needs in one place. The key foundation is transparency and verifiable truths, with these elements, we can fulfil all HR needs such as hiring when our users and client trust our hub for their best interest.

Finding the right fit for the right team is our passion and we strive to provide the complete solution to solve Hiring, Social networking, and Transparency to build the web3 future one hackathon at a time.

##### Slides on Canva: 
https://www.canva.com/design/DAFTDB47weU/heZwJeEEOfO62l_Ae2ZMNg/edit?utm_source=shareButton&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=designshare
